1. What is Semantic HTML?
A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer. Examples of semantic elements: <form>, <table>, and <article> - Clearly defines its content. 
2. What is HTML used for?
HTML is the standard markup language for Web pages. 
    
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
The <a> tag defines a hyperlink. The href attribute specifies the URL of the page the link goes in the body of the HTML 
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
 It's an element defines a large heading. Six Times 
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
<h1> and <p>
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
<head> or <header>
7. What is an id?
The HTML id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.
You cannot have more than one element with the same id in an HTML document.

8. What elements can I add an id to?
<h1> element  and a Class element 

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once 
10. What is a class?
class attribute is used to specify a class for an HTML element.
Multiple HTML elements can share the same class.

11. What elements can I add a class to?
<div> and <span> 
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
HTML elements can belong to more than one class.
To define multiple classes, separate the class names with a space, e.g. <div class="city main">. The element will be styled according to all the classes specified.
 
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a href= website.com</a>
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
alt attribute provides an alternate text for an image 
15. How do I reference an id?
With   a hash character  
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. whereas: The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. 
17. What is CSS used for?
It's used for styling HTML
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
By using the <select> tag
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Each element can have only one ID, each page can have only one element with that ID
You can use the same class on multiple elements, you can use multiple classes on the same element.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class. 

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.p.yourclass
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
Selects all elements that are a direct child of specified element.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
With the DOM tree
24. What is a pseudo selector?
Selects elements that are in a specific state they are the first element of their type or being hoovered over. 
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
<br>
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Px, rem
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalizex

    29. How do I select everything on the page? ,
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* This is a single-line comment*/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
Git status 
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
del filename

34. Why should I use version control?
It helps with Collaboration, Storing Versions properly, Restoring Previous Versions, and backup 
35. How often should I commit to github?
30-60 minutes

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
Git push -u origin 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Create your own version of this repo - Fork
 Add your TL as a collaborator
 Clone this repo
 Create a branch git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
 Add a file to the project called yourFirstName-yourLastName.txt. This should contain the link to your completed codepen from part 2 as well as the review questions/answers
 Run your usual git commands for adding/committing and pushing Be sure to push to your branch!
 Create a Pull-Request to submit your work
 Use your own student fork as the base (compare across forks, base-fork -> main).
 Add your TL as a reviewer on the Pull-Request
 TL then will count the Assignment as done by merging the HW back into main "STUDENT FORK".

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
For the purpose of styling, elements are divided into two categories: block-level elements and inline elements. In summary, a <span> element is used as an inline element and a <div> element as a block level element. ... It is usually used within other HTML elements. Other examples of inline elements are: anchor <a> tag 
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
An element with position: absolute is removed from the normal document flow. It is positioned automatically to the starting point (top-left corner) of its parent element. If it doesn't have any parent elements, then the initial document <html> will be its parent. 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
The box model is a very important concept, one that you must have right in your head before you start tackling all this spacing stuff. All HTML block-level elements have five spacing properties: height, width, margin, border and padding. When discussing these attributes you'll need a diagram to see what part of the spacing we're talking about. Have a look at the diagram below and check out the three areas that surround every block-level page element. Together, they form the box that the element takes up. 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
<div> ,<h1>, <li>, display: inline, display: inline-block and display: block , and <nav>
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
box model is essentially a box that wraps around every HTML element. It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content. The image below illustrates the box model: 

